FINAL CHAPTER - HELL'S GATE (beyond and back again)

-----[MAP 41]

When you get to hell, just follow the path around fighting bosses as you go.
Try to save your battery till the last one.
When you get to the third bridge (before the first fight),
it will collapse after you cross.

-----[Sailor Mermaid]

-----[Ghoul Beauty]

-----[Gunghoul]

-----[MOE Sisters]

-----[Tsundele Devil]

When you get to the two ugly guys blocking your path, just talk to both of them,
and then move back to the center of the lane, and they'll clean the bones up for you.
There are three chests in this area, you can get them now if you want, but be careful
the two over by the final boss, have mimic enemies in them, just make sure you can get
that one by itself, throw an item away if you have to, just get it.

-----[Erotic Angel - Lolitia] FINAL BATTLE

Once lolitia is defeated, a path back to the exit is created.
Now make sure you got those 3 chests, because once you leave this place,
you will never be able to return.

When you get back out, check the shop here, and buy some energy cartridges.
This is the only shop in the entire game where you can buy them.
Now head toward the openings in the north and east corners to get your last two items.

NOW GET THE HECK BACK TO THE OVERWORLD AND SAVE !!!
When you're ready, go back to the castle and talk to everyone within the gates.

They all just basically say, we're glad your back safe and sound, congrats because
your the new king. Please be more careful and consult them when something comes up.
Aya grieved because the search party they send said they lost you. (old man says...
please make his granddaughter your bride - but then says it was a joke)
They also say, don't act rashly in the future, let them help you.
(The kid says that because you went to the hell's world and came back, you proved that
you are strong - and that means that the kingdom will revive in no time at all - and
he'll also work hard to revive the country)
A great reinforcement was organized because you were said to be missing.
Please use the corp to the fullest extent for the country.
LONG LIVE THE NEW KING !!!

After you talk to the last one, the final cutscene will begin.










Epilogue

Erotica excaped, and lolitia was locked in hell again.
And the kingdom became peaceful once more.

The prince was soon made king and took the throne.
He ruled the country magnificently, and it prospered
till the day he died at 69 years old.

But a serious problem remained...

There was no male heir born to the throne.

The king worked hard with 19 wives and 102 mistresses throughout his life,
and 300 children were born, but they were all girls.
Even Fourd worked hard too, but still only girls were born.

Moreover, sence he became king till the day he died, the population of the
country rose to 90 percent female.

People feared that it was a curse from empress erotica.

As for the royal family, one daughter became queen.
But there were many power struggles from clans that rose up.
And the country began to decline.

Then someone's baby came to the monastery
of the small local village.

Surprisingly, the baby had feathers on his back,
so the nuns raised him as an angel.

But they didn't know the meaning of the mark on his but.

THE END










Set your inventory for MAX strenth, then save your game.
Because now that you (probably) have defeated all the games enemies,
you can fight them in "Simple Battle" mode,
and whatever is in your inventory at the last save,
will be there for you to use.